docs: implement KLT -> Keptn name change (#2001)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: examples/sample-app/README.md

# Sample Application

> This example demonstrates the Keptn capabilities as illustrated here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates Keptn's capabilities as illustrated here:
```
